## Bibliography

Fostering Sustainable Behavior: Community-based Social Marketing. http://www.cbsm.com/pages/guide/preface/
> This book provides a comprehensive introduction to community-based social marketing and how it is being applied throughout the world to foster sustainable behavior. It introduces the five steps of community-based social marketing (selecting behaviors, identifying barriers and benefits, developing strategies, conducting a pilot, and broad-scale implementation), and showcases numerous programs illustrating its use.

World Development Report 2015: Mind, Society, and Behavior. http://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/wdr2015
> This report aims to inspire and guide the researchers and practitioners who can help advance a new set of development approaches based on a fuller consideration of psychological and social influences. The title of this Report, Mind, Society, and Behavior, captures the idea that paying attention to how humans think (the processes of mind) and how history and context shape thinking (the influence of society) can improve the design and implementation of development policies and interventions that target human choice and action (behavior). 

The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business. http://charlesduhigg.com/the-power-of-habit/
> Charles Duhigg takes us to the thrilling edge of scientific discoveries that explain why habits exist and how they can be changed. Distilling vast amounts of information into engrossing narratives that take us from the boardrooms of Procter & Gamble to sidelines of the NFL to the front lines of the civil rights movement, Duhigg presents a whole new understanding of human nature and its potential.

Diffusion of Innovations (5th ed.). http://books.simonandschuster.com/Diffusion-of-Innovations-5th-Edition/Everett-M-Rogers/9780743222099
> Everett M. Rogers explains how new ideas spread via communication channels over time. Such innovations are initially perceived as uncertain and even risky. To overcome this uncertainty, most people seek out others like themselves who have already adopted the new idea. Thus the diffusion process consists of a few individuals who first adopt an innovation, then spread the word among their circle of acquaintances—a process which typically takes months or years. But there are exceptions: use of the Internet in the 1990s, for example, may have spread more rapidly than any other innovation in the history of humankind. Furthermore, the Internet is changing the very nature of diffusion by decreasing the importance of physical distance between people.
